start the program with the war in Gaza
the Israeli military has continued its
bombing of the Gaza Strip overnight
while heavy combat continues on the
ground gaza's Hamas run Health Ministry
says at least 241 people have been
killed in the past 24 hours in his first
interview since the War Began the
Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas
described the conflict as a grave crime
against his people all this comes
shortly after the head of the Israeli
Army warned the dismantling Hamas could
take many more months Graham Satchel
reports night after night for weeks now
the families of those taken hostage take
to the streets of Tel Aviv they're
putting pressure on the Israeli
government to bring the hostages back
alive and stop the
fighting they need to look at other
options the military pressure will
continue but we see they they don't have
any result the head of the Israeli Army
hery Hali said the war could take many
more
months there are no magic Solutions he
said there are no shortcuts in
dismantling a terrorist organization
only determined and persistent
fighting in Gaza itself hospitals are
overrun with the injured and the dead
the World Health Organization says
almost all the hospitals in the Gaza
Strip have now stopped
functioning there's blood everywhere in
these hospitals at the moment we're
seeing almost only trauma cases come
through the door and at a scale that's
quite difficult to believe um it it's
it's a blood bath as we as we said
before it's
Carnage in his first TV interview since
the War Began in October the Palestinian
president mmud Abbas described the
situation as a catastrophe and warns the
West Bank could implode at any
time a huge crime has been committed
against the Palestinians over the past
79 days not just in Gaza but also in the
West Bank and
Jerusalem gaza's Hamas run Health
Ministry says 241 people have been
killed in the last 24 hours taking the
total to more than
20,000 Israel's Campaign which it says
is to destroy the leadership of Hamas
shows no sign of ending Graham Satchel
BBC News well earlier our Middle East
correspondent yolan Nell explained what
else the Palestinian president had to
say in his interview I mean this was
quite a wide raging interview his first
since the 7th of October attacks and he
spoke to Egyptian television of course
Egypt has been uh playing a key role as
a mediator trying to uh broker a new
ceasefire deal between Israel and Hamas
in recent days um really he talked about
how this was unprecedented in the
history of the Palestinian people how
Gaza had been rendered
unrecognizable by the the fighting that
was going on he was very critical of the
US accusing it of prolonging the war by
consistently blocking resolutions at the
UN Security Council calling uh for a
ceasefire um but he also gave a warning
that the occupied West Bank where of
course his Palestinian Authority has
limited governance that that could also
implode and just looking at what's
happened overnight we are hearing from
Palestinian Health officials that six
Palestinians have been killed in one of
the urban refugee camps in the North O
of the West Bank close to tul
um and he's uh that means that now more
than 300 Palestinians have been killed
uh by Israeli forces uh by um Israeli
settlers as well since the 7th of
October attacks now in toon the Israeli
military hasn't yet commented on what
its operation there was all about and
you land you mentioned that Egypt's
mediating rule there are reports in
Israeli and Arab media about Egypt
proposing a ceasefire plan do we know
any more details about
that yeah this was a ceasefire plan that
also included um an ability to release
uh more of the hostages of course more
than 100 hostages uh still being held in
the Gaza Strip and we've had hostage
families um as recently as last night
holding protests accusing their
government of not doing enough to bring
their loved ones home um but what we
understand at the moment is that the the
talks um that the initiative that Egypt
proposed has uh faltered uh with both
Israel and Hamas really uh blaming each
other for that but there was a senior
Hamas official who also came out saying
that uh Egypt's initiative had prompted
other countries to make their own
proposals that there were still uh
negotiations going on in the background
even as the fighting on the ground
remains extremely intense that was your
land now well